In the misty mountains, there lived a humble farmer and his wife who had brought forth a precious child. But they would not present him to the village elder for the traditional naming ceremony until they could find a wise and just man to serve as his dajia, or spiritual guardian. The father cradled his child in his arms and set out into the village to search for this noble individual.

As he wandered through the winding streets, he came upon an old sage with a kind face, who was none other than the Jade Emperor himself. "I have this young one to present for the naming ceremony," said the farmer, "but I seek someone of great virtue and wisdom to serve as his dajia. Are you such a person?" The Jade Emperor smiled and replied, "Alas, I am not certain if I possess the necessary qualities."

The farmer continued on his way, meeting a gentle woman with a compassionate heart, who was the Queen Mother of the West. He asked her the same question, but she too replied, "I do not know if I am worthy." The farmer pressed on, and soon encountered a mysterious figure shrouded in darkness, who was none other than the Weaving Maiden's sister, the Ferrywoman of the Dead.

"Ah, I have been sent to you," said the farmer, "for it is said that you are a just and impartial guide. Will you serve as my child's dajia?" The Ferrywoman nodded gravely and replied, "Indeed, I am just! Let us proceed with the naming ceremony, and then I will show you the balance of fate." And so they performed the ritual, after which the Ferrywoman led the farmer to a vast hall filled with lanterns that seemed to stretch on forever.

"Grandmother," exclaimed the farmer, awestruck by the sight, "what is the meaning of these countless lights?" The Ferrywoman explained, "These are the lamps of all souls in the world. Would you like to see your own and your child's?" When the farmer beheld his own lamp, he saw that it was about to burn out. He implored the Ferrywoman, "And when my oil is exhausted, what will become of me?" The Ferrywoman replied, "Then I must escort you on your journey." The farmer begged, "May I at least borrow a little oil from my child's lamp to sustain mine?" But the Ferrywoman shook her head and said, "No, no, dajia. You sought out a just person, and one you have found. Now return home and make arrangements for your passing, for I am waiting for you."