One day, while old Mistress Rabbit and little Rabs were out gathering greens for dinner, he [Br'er Wolf] slipped into the house, waiting for Br'er Rabbit to return. Br'er Rabbit had his hours, and this was one of them, and it wouldn't be long before he came home. He had a sharp eye, and as soon as he got near the house, he noticed that everything was eerily still. When he drew closer, he saw that the front door was slightly ajar, which made him feel uneasy, for he knew that when his wife and children were out, they always closed the door and latched it.

So he crept up a little nearer, stepping as quietly as a mouse. He peered here and there, but couldn't see anything amiss. He listened in the chimney corner and under the window, yet heard nothing out of the ordinary. Then he rubbed his mustache thoughtfully and pondered. "The pot-rack knows what's going on up the chimney," he said to himself, "the rafters know who's in the loft, and the bed-cord knows who's under the bed. I'm no pot-rack, nor rafter, nor bed-cord, but please gracious! I'll find out who's in that house without getting into trouble myself."

Some folks would have rushed in there, thought Br'er Rabbit, and if they had, they wouldn't have come out again, for they'd be nothing but a scrap of hide and a handful of hair. But Br'er Rabbit was wiser than that. All he asked was for someone to give him hand-roomance – in other words, permission to take his leave – and those who could catch him were more than welcome to do so.

He went off a little way from the house and climbed up onto an apple stump, where he began to holler, "Heyo, House! Heyo!" The house didn't respond, and Br'er Wolf, hiding behind the door, opened his eyes wide in confusion. He didn't know what to make of this strange behavior.

Br'er Rabbit hollered louder still, "Heyo, House! Why not you holler back?" But the house remained silent, and Br'er Wolf, growing restless, began to fidget behind the door. Br'er Rabbit shouted even louder from his perch on the apple stump, "Heyo, House! Heyo!" The house stood still, and Br'er Wolf felt a chill run down his spine.

In all his born days, he'd never heard anything like this before. He peered through the crack in the door, but couldn't see anything out of the ordinary. Br'er Rabbit hollered at the top of his lungs, "Heyo, House! Ain't you got no manners left?" Br'er Wolf grew more agitated than ever, feeling as if someone had poked him on the funny bone.

Br'er Rabbit waited a moment, then hollered one more time, "Heyo, House!" And to his surprise, Br'er Wolf tried to mimic the way a house would talk and hollered back, "Heyo, yo'self!" But Br'er Rabbit just laughed and said, "Heyo, House! Why don't you talk hoarse like you've got a bad cold?" Then Br'er Wolf hollered back, his voice as rough as he could make it, "Heyo, yo'self!"

This made Br'er Rabbit laugh even harder, and he nearly fell off the apple stump. He said, "Eh-eh, Br'er Wolf! That ain't gonna do at all. You'll have to stand out in the rain for a mighty long time before you can talk hoarse like that house!" And with that, Br'er Rabbit climbed down from his perch and walked away.

As he told the story, Uncle Remus leaned forward and laid a gentle hand on the little boy's shoulder, saying, "I'll tell you, child, after that, Br'er Wolf slunk out of there as fast as his legs could carry him. And from that day on, Br'er Rabbit lived in peace without any more trouble from the other creatures."