In a small village nestled between two great rivers, there lived a man and his wife who were as inseparable as the morning mist that rises from the earth. One day, the husband said to his wife, "Let us make some fritters, just like my mother used to make for me when I was a child." His wife replied, "But what shall we use to fry them in?" The husband thought for a moment and then said, "Go ask my godmother if you can borrow her pan. It's only a short walk from here."

The wife set off towards the godmother's house, but when she returned with the pan, she said to her husband, "Here is the pan, but you must take it back to your godmother when we're done." The husband agreed and they cooked their fritters. After eating, he said, "Now let us go about our work, both of us. Whoever speaks first will have to carry the pan back to my godmother."

The wife began to spin cotton into thread, her fingers moving quickly as she hummed a gentle tune. The husband sat nearby, drawing his own thread with precision and care. As they worked, they spoke not a word, except for the occasional "Leulerò" from the husband or "Piciciì" from his wife.

Just then, a soldier rode by on horseback, his armor glinting in the sunlight. He asked a nearby woman if there was a shoemaker in the area and she pointed him towards their house. The soldier dismounted and knocked on the door, asking the husband to come and cut his horse's girth.

The husband remained silent, only responding with "Leulerò" as he continued to draw his thread. His wife chimed in with "Piciciì," but neither of them spoke a word more. The soldier grew impatient, threatening to cut off the shoemaker's head if he didn't comply. But still the husband and wife remained silent.

The soldier's anger boiled over and he seized his sword, preparing to strike. That was when the wife finally broke her silence, crying out in alarm as she saw her husband's life in danger. "Ah! Don't do it, for mercy's sake!" she exclaimed.

Her husband took advantage of the momentary distraction to say, "Now you go and carry the pan back to my godmother, I'll take care of cutting the horse's girth." And so he did, winning their little wager in the process. As they sat down to rest, the wife smiled at her husband and said, "You see, sometimes silence is golden."