In days of yore, when the land lay parched and dry, a great drought had beset the realm. The rivers, once swollen with life-giving waters, had shrunk to mere trickles, and even the springs had ceased to flow. The creatures of the wild roamed far and wide in search of a drop to quench their thirst, but none could be found. A grand assembly was convened: Lion, Tiger, Wolf, Jackal, Elephant, and all the others gathered together to ponder the problem.

"What shall we do?" they cried in unison, each proposing a plan, yet none seemed feasible. Finally, one of them suggested, "Let us dance upon the dry riverbed! Perhaps by treading out the earth, we may stir up hidden waters." The assembly agreed, and with great enthusiasm, all began to dance. Save for Rabbit, who scoffed at their efforts, saying, "You are mad to think that dancing can bring forth water from the ground!"

The others danced on, undeterred by Rabbit's scorn. And lo! As they danced, the earth trembled, and water began to rise to the surface. The creatures rejoiced, drinking their fill of the precious liquid. But Rabbit, still skeptical, refused to join in the dance.

As evening drew near, he strolled leisurely to the riverbed, where his fellow dancers had left off, and quenched his thirst from the newly revealed waters. The following morning, the assembly discovered Rabbit's footprints in the earth, and with great glee, they shouted, "Aha! He has indeed drunk of our water!"

The creatures gathered once more to deliberate on what course to take against the impudent Rabbit. Each proposed a different plan, but none seemed satisfactory. It was then that old Tortoise, wise and slow-moving, spoke up: "I shall catch the wily Rabbit." The others laughed and jeered at his suggestion, yet Tortoise persisted.

"I will have my shell rubbed with pitch," he said, "and lie down by the water's edge, where I shall resemble a stone. When Rabbit steps upon me, his feet shall stick fast." The assembly agreed to this plan, and soon Tortoise's shell was coated in the dark, sticky substance. He lay down by the river, drawing his head into his shell.

Rabbit, still thirsty, came to the water's edge that evening, and with a chuckle, said, "They have placed a stone for me, so I need not trouble my feet." With his left foot, he trod upon Tortoise, but it stuck fast. Rabbit then struck at Tortoise with his right forefoot, but it too became entangled.

Undeterred, Rabbit attempted to kick Tortoise with his hind foot, but that also stuck fast. He tried to hammer Tortoise's shell with his head and whip him with his tail, but both met the same fate as his feet. The wily Rabbit was now trapped, fastened down by the pitch.

Tortoise, slowly turning himself around, began to make his way back to the assembly, carrying Rabbit on his back. "Ha! ha! ha! Rabbit!" the creatures shouted in triumph. "How does it look now? Insolence does not pay after all!"

The assembly deliberated once more, seeking a suitable punishment for Rabbit's transgressions. One proposed beheading, another suggested a severe penalty, but none seemed fitting. It was then that Rabbit himself spoke up: "Only a shameful death, please do not pronounce. Take me by my tail and dash my head against a stone."

The assembly agreed to this fate, deciding that Lion, the most powerful among them, should be the one to carry out the sentence. Lion stood tall, walked forward, and poor Rabbit was brought before him. Rabbit pleaded and beseeched that he might not suffer such a miserable death.

Lion took Rabbit firmly by the tail and swung him around with great force. But as he did, the white skin slipped off from Rabbit's body, leaving behind only a tuft of hair in Lion's paw. And thus, Rabbit was freed.