In the parched land of Kowloon, where the sun beat down relentlessly, a great drought had befallen the creatures of the forest. Rivers dried up, springs ran dry, and the animals wandered aimlessly, searching for a drop of water to quench their thirst. A grand assembly was convened, attended by the mighty Lion, the cunning Tiger, the sly Wolf, the clever Jackal, the wise Elephant, and many others. The question on everyone's mind was: what could be done to bring forth the life-giving waters?

One proposal after another was put forth, but none seemed feasible. Then, a young and agile Monkey suggested that they all gather at the dry riverbed and dance with reckless abandon. "By stomping our feet and flailing our arms," he exclaimed, "we shall stir up the water from beneath the earth!" The assembly was convinced by his plan, except for one dissenting voice – Rabbit's.

"What folly is this?" Rabbit scoffed. "You think dancing will bring forth water? I'll have none of it!"

The other animals laughed and danced with abandon, their paws pounding the dry earth in unison. And to their wonder, water began to seep from the ground, forming a small pool that grew larger by the minute. The creatures rejoiced, drinking their fill and splashing about in the cool waters.

But Rabbit, still skeptical, refused to join in the revelry. "I'll have my share of water," he declared, "even if it means taking some from you." And so, under the cover of evening, he slipped away to the riverbed, where he drank his fill from the newly formed pool.

The next morning, the animals discovered Rabbit's footprints in the mud and realized that he had been drinking from their waters. A great commotion arose as they gathered once more to discuss what should be done with the cunning rabbit. One suggested a severe punishment, another proposed a clever trap, but none seemed effective.

It was then that old Tortoise, wise and slow-moving, spoke up. "I have an idea," he said, his voice low and measured. "Let us cover my shell with pitch [black beeswax] and place me at the edge of the water. When Rabbit returns to drink, he will think I am a stone and step on me, getting his feet stuck fast."

The assembly was convinced by Tortoise's plan, and soon his shell was covered in pitch. As the sun began to set, Rabbit returned to the riverbed, chuckling to himself as he spotted what he thought was a stone. "Ha! they've placed a convenient stepping stone for me," he said, treading on Tortoise with his left foot.

But to his surprise, his foot stuck fast to the pitch-covered shell. Tortoise then poked his head out from beneath his shell and shouted, "Ah ha! You're caught, Rabbit!" The rabbit tried to free himself with his right forefoot, but it too stuck fast. He attempted to kick Tortoise with his hind foot, but that too became trapped.

Undeterred, Rabbit used his head to hammer at Tortoise's shell, but even that failed to dislodge him. His tail, once so agile and quick, now flailed about in frustration as it too got stuck fast. The animals watched in amusement as Rabbit was slowly and surely caught by the cunning old Tortoise.

As Tortoise began to make his way back to the assembly, with Rabbit still clinging to his back, the creatures exclaimed in delight. "Ha! ha! ha! Rabbit, you should have listened to our plan!" they jeered.

But now a new problem arose: what to do with the captured rabbit? Some suggested beheading him, while others proposed a severe punishment. But Rabbit himself had an idea. "Please," he begged, "do not kill me in a shameful manner. Take me by my tail and dash my head against a stone – that is the only way I wish to die."

The assembly agreed to his request, and Lion, the mighty king of beasts, was chosen to carry out the sentence. With a flourish, Lion grasped Rabbit's tail and swung him around, but to everyone's surprise, the white skin on Rabbit's back slipped off, leaving nothing but a tuft of hair in Lion's paw.

Rabbit was free once more, and the assembly erupted into laughter at the absurdity of it all. The cunning rabbit had outwitted them yet again, and the creatures dispersed, still chuckling about the misadventure that had befallen them.