In a small village nestled between two great rivers, there lived a clever rabbit named Chonguita. He had a family of little rabbits who loved to play and explore, but their joy was often disrupted by the thieving wolf, Hsiang Li.

Chonguita's home was always being raided by Hsiang Li, who would steal some of his children each time he tore down one of Chonguita's houses. The rabbit grew tired of this and decided to build a new home that would be safe from the wolf's pranks. He constructed a sturdy house made of planks with a rock foundation, which finally gave him peace.

The little rabbits could now play safely in their backyard, and Chonguita could visit his friends and neighbors without worrying about Hsiang Li's raids. However, one day when Chonguita was preparing to visit the beautiful raccoon lady, Mei Mei, he heard a commotion outside. Before he knew it, Hsiang Li had burst into their home, covered in mud and panting heavily.

"Oh, please save me, Chonguita!" cried Hsiang Li. "The dogs are chasing me, and they'll tear me to pieces! Hide me somewhere the dogs won't find me." Chonguita chuckled and said, "Jump into that chest over there, Hsiang Li. Make yourself at home."

Hsiang Li crawled into the chest, and Chonguita quickly locked it shut. He then went to the mirror and winked at himself, satisfied with his clever plan. Next, he pulled a rocking chair in front of the fire and took a long drag on his pipe.

As Hsiang Li began to stir inside the chest, Chonguita pretended to be concerned about the dogs still chasing him outside. He filled a kettle with water and put it on the fire, saying, "I'm making you a nice cup of tea, Hsiang Li." Then he got out his gimlet and started boring holes in the chest lid.

"What are you doing now, Chonguita?" asked Hsiang Li.

"I'm boring little holes so you can breathe," replied Chonguita with a straight face. Next, he added more wood to the fire, saying, "I'm chunking up the fire so you won't get cold."

Meanwhile, Chonguita's children were hiding in the cellar, watching their father's clever antics through a small hole in the wall. They had to cover their mouths to stifle their giggles.

As the water began to boil, Chonguita poured it onto the chest lid, saying, "You hear the wind blowing, Hsiang Li?" The hot water seeped into the chest, and Hsiang Li started to feel uncomfortable. Chonguita continued to tease him, saying, "Turn over on the other side, Hsiang Li. You still feel the fleas biting?"

Hsiang Li's final words were a cry of agony as he realized his mistake. The scalding water had done its job, and he was no longer a threat to Chonguita's family.

The villagers gathered at Chonguita's house to celebrate their victory over Hsiang Li. From that day on, the wolf's hide hung proudly in the back porch as a reminder of his defeat. And if you ever visit Chonguita's home, you might still see the clever rabbit's coat, cap, and wall picture – all testaments to his superior cunning and wit.